h1. Chunky Projects

_GOOD FOR BACON — POIGNANT FOR ALL STIFFS_

ChunkyProjects converts "Textile":https://textile-lang.com into HTML. It is a Ruby wrapper for "Rustextile":https://github.com/kpot/rustextile, a Rust crate.

h2. Installation

Install the gem and add to the application's Gemfile by executing:

bc. $ bundle add chunky_projects

h2. Usage

bc.. require "chunky_projects"

ChunkyProjects.to_html("h1. an elf and his pet ham!")
# => "<h1>an elf and his pet ham!</h1>"

ChunkyProjects.to_html("a giraffe %{color:red}surrounded% by weeezards!")
# => "<p>a giraffe <span style=\"color:red;\">surrounded</span> by weeezards!</p>"

h2. See also

* "RedCloth":https://github.com/jgarber/redcloth
* "Why's (Poignant) Guide to Ruby":https://poignant.guide, originally written in Textile

h2. Development

After checking out the repo, run @bin/setup@ to install dependencies. Then, run @rake test@ to run the tests. You can also run @bin/console@ for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run @bundle exec rake install@. To release a new version, update the version number in @version.rb@, and then run @bundle exec rake release@, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the @.gem@ file to "rubygems.org":https://rubygems.org.

h2. Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at "https://github.com/zachahn/chunky_projects":https://github.com/zachahn/chunky_projects.

h2. License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the "MIT License":https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

